Tell me everything you’ve recently seen around Concubine Rong.
Be detailed and thorough.
Usually, the Empress spends her time in the inner palace handling official matters.
Except for the day of the death of Consort Zhou,
the Empress suddenly said she wanted to move to the Shu Xiu Palace.
And there was a gap.
She told the maid to closely watch the Consort Zhao Yi.
Other than that, there was no unusual behavior.
Did she tell you why? No.
The Empress is awake.
Concubine Rong, you’re awake.
Are you still uncomfortable?
Does the wound hurt?
My head hurts so much, Imperial Physician.
Quickly relieve Concubine Rong’s pain.
Your Majesty, Concubine Rong’s internal injuries
make it difficult to administer medication.
It’s fine.
I will endure it.
By the way, how is Princess Loulan?
She is doing well.
But how did you know someone wanted to harm Princess Loulan?
Did she discover something?
Rebirth is inexplicable.
I must not let her know.
Did I dream this?
In my dream, I saw Princess Loulan.
Princess Loulan was bleeding profusely,
saying she died so wrongfully.
I’m so scared.
It was a dream.
Princess Loulan died from poisoning in her previous life.
In this life, she almost got hit by a lamp.
It does align with the dream’s content.
Was it really just a dream?
Your Majesty, in my previous life, I led a campaign.
It was a great victory.
I didn’t take this matter seriously.
But the Empress is lonely.
We resolved the problem from the root.
I was careless. You should rest well.
I won’t spare anyone who harmed you.